hey guys today we have a warm up that
you can do before any small addicts work
out
it consists of 17 exercises 30 seconds
on for each
no rest and it comes out to about an 8
minute warm-up let's get started
start by bringing your knee into your
chest and giving it a nice hug
alternating between each leg
[Music]
moving in to stretch our quads grab one
of your
feet and stand on your tippy-toe
reach your hand into the sky and get a
nice quad stretch
[Music]
moving on to our hamstrings with
hamstring scoops put one foot out
reach down and stretch the back your leg
and reach up to the sky
now kicking your foot to your hand nice
and
gentle we don't want to do anything too
hard here but just warming up the
hamstrings dynamically
taking it into some single leg body
weight deadlifts you're going to hinge
at the hips
keeping the foot that's on the ground
and that knee nice and soft
feeling a nice stretch in the back of
your leg
[Music]
start to get the entire body into it now
with some inch worms you're going to
reach down
bend your knees if you need walk up to a
plank and then walk your hands back to
your feet and repeat
moving into some quad rockers you're
coming back into child's pose and
extending the hips and moving forward to
stretch the front of your body
back and forth
[Music]
come to the table top position and a
neutral spine for some cat cows
start to wake up the breath and mobilize
the spine
return to the table top position sending
your hips back just slightly
place one hand on your ear and gently
rotate the spine
for some t-spine rotations don't force
anything here you guys just go with what
feels right for you
now stretching our hip flexors you're
going to reach forward with your hands
up into the sky
and stretch the front of your hip and
straighten out the front leg as much as
you can
reaching back to stretch the hamstrings
[Music]
now the world's greatest stretch this
one feels great
make sure you're rotating in towards
your knee up to the ceiling
rotating your entire torso and following
your hand with your gaze
[Music]
so
with your toes both facing forward reach
into
a lateral lunge for the opposite foot
for some windmills
[Music]
moving into our squat prep this is going
to really help you get warmed up for
today
place your hands on your toes and come
down to a deep squat
press the knees out bring the arms up
and press through the heels to come to a
standing position
if your heels don't touch the ground
that's okay just do what you can here
and your own range of motion
let's get the heart rate warmed up
coming into a light jog in place
[Music]
now some in and outs jumping out and in
with your feet
continuing to get that heart rate up
[Music]
lastly we're doing some low butt kicks
where you're trying to kick your butt
but you're not doing an all-out effort
[Music]
here
and that's it now you're warmed up go
enjoy your workout give this video a
like and subscribe and i'll see you guys
next week
[Music]
you